the new era games playstation games
3 playstation 4 and xbox one in media
digital
Come on, let's go, youtube, beauty.
that speaks one more vision is bringing
one more video for you guys be all
Much more welcome to my channel.
People are here right now.
bringing you one more video of one
gt epic so I'll show
you a very crazy location that I
I ended up finding the channel and a Greek there
old
he brought a poster here is not old
kind of a supposed allen cupcake
frozen the gta5 prologue then I go
show you
and in my opinion this guy too
would be the right johnny clegg stars
dta da delhi selar de gta 4 oster
derme sure draw your conclusions
leave us no your feedback would be or
No, I think people are talking about that.
I think so I'm not sure of
Nothing so you do not come and get me
Correct but what I came to bring here
I'm not this posted here O
writer or saints 2020 and then he has
that there in aguilar he pleads not right
there in frozen law with the frozen allen
of the prologue there before 2020 does not
I know this is from the cinematography of
gta kind to the movie system
or would it be a poster there or would it simply
would be the forecast to ipu nostradamus
launching a profession that they
invaded in 2020
the saints and region was what I wanted
show you this poster there is not
one easter eggs the gallery only one poster
reference to an allen
is frozen in the prologue when you
start playing gta 5 in career mode
here the correct location so that
you can see here also that
that gang of lost gang right
so as you can see they have flags
of the lost play to everything that is side
here are the mines the blonde might be
the gta girl or one of the participants
of the contest and I do not know why the guys
they enjoyed it, that was not what they
I wanted to tell you the poster of the
frozen allen and the gta5 prologue that
I just found this way I ended up
thinking there was not actually in the channel
of a large I decided to bring the content
It seems to you that you like the
left leaving the sky you liked
but still favorite the video does not listen on
study channel that simply saw
was accompanying more videos in the
social networks are also on the
facebook twitter description and bleeding
low mai skype do not forget to add
them and already thank you stay with god
until the next video kissing your
dumbies though and I went